Make us look more active (#374)
nordic-rse/nordic-rse.github.io: content/about/getinvolved.md

### Chat with us

* Join the [CodeRefinery Zulip chat](https://coderefinery.zulipchat.com), there are a lot of very interesting discussions going on here! You can introduce yourself in the #new-members stream. Nordic-RSE related discussion can be followed in the #nordic-rse stream.
* Come say hi to our [weekly coffeebreak](/events/coffeebreak/), where we chat and have fun

### Stay Tuned

> * Become a member [here](/join/) and follow our [calendar](/events/#calendar)

Reviewer: a little below in the seminar series section there is a typo "semianr series"

> * Become a member [here](/join/) and follow our [calendar](/events/#calendar)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Become a member [here](/about/membership/) and follow our [calendar](/events/#calendar)
```

Reviewer: I guess the `/join/` page is some old page?
